[SCI] Links can be from all git providers (#19412)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/source-code-integration.md

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Error Tracking" %}}

> You can directly access a trace in its source repository on the Git provider in [Error Tracking][1].

Reviewer: - What do you think about removing `on the Git provider` entirely ? I'm not sure this term is widely used and understood
- Could be nice to rephrase, since "trace" isn't clearly referring to a stack trace (especially in the context of distributed tracing) - and links are tied to a specific frame
```suggestion
You can see links from stack frames to their source repository in [Error Tracking][1].
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Continuous Profiler" %}}

> You can directly access a trace in its source repository on the Git provider in the [Continuous Profiler][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see links from profile frames to their source repository in the [Continuous Profiler][1].
```
